README.md, before:

luke
====

![Luke, the Lucene Toolbox Project](src/main/resources/img/luke-big.gif)

This is mavenised version of Luke tool maintained and further developed by Dmitry Kan (this repo owner).

* The original author is Andrzej Bialecki (https://code.google.com/p/luke)
* The project has been mavenized by Neil Ireson (see google group discussion here: http://bit.ly/16Y8utO)
* The project has been ported to Lucene trunk (marked as 5.0 at the time) by Dmitry Kan
* The project has been back-ported to Lucene 4.3 by sonarname, who later decided not to continue supporting the project
* There are updates to the (non-mavenized) project done by tarzanek (https://github.com/tarzanek/luke)

This project's goal is:

0. Keep the project mavenized (compatible with Apache Lucene and Solr style)
1. To port the thinlet UI to an ASL compliant license framework so that it can be contributed back to Apache Lucene.
   Current work is done with GWT 2.5.1.
2. To revive the project and establish a single point of trust for the development and updates of the tool. This said,
   everyone is welcome to join.


There are other more technical goals, that will get updated here as they get into the shape.

Commit message:

added the releases section clarifying the dependency between luke and lucene

README.md, after:

luke
====

![Luke, the Lucene Toolbox Project](src/main/resources/img/luke-big.gif)

This is mavenised version of Luke tool maintained and further developed by Dmitry Kan (this repo owner).

* The original author is Andrzej Bialecki (https://code.google.com/p/luke)
* The project has been mavenized by Neil Ireson (see google group discussion here: http://bit.ly/16Y8utO)
* The project has been ported to Lucene trunk (marked as 5.0 at the time) by Dmitry Kan
* The project has been back-ported to Lucene 4.3 by sonarname, who later decided not to continue supporting the project
* There are updates to the (non-mavenized) project done by tarzanek (https://github.com/tarzanek/luke)

This project's goal is:

0. Keep the project mavenized (compatible with Apache Lucene and Solr style)
1. To port the thinlet UI to an ASL compliant license framework so that it can be contributed back to Apache Lucene.
   Current work is done with GWT 2.5.1.
2. To revive the project and establish a single point of trust for the development and updates of the tool. This said,
   everyone is welcome to join.

Releases
====

All of the releases you find under the "releases" link above are versioned after the Lucene's version they use.

Usually we don't do releases for minor version upgrades, because the major release usually can read the index of the next
minor release.

An example: lucene 4.8.0 can read the index generated by lucene 4.8.1. Hence the luke 4.8.0 can read too.

Conclusion: in order to find a luke release that can read an index of your version of Lucene, pick the closest major version
and download the luke for that from the releases page above.
